Will the shadow still refuse to forgive me?
Stop calling it Shadow, Holy Old One. I will never forget the one hundred thousand your men threw at me three years ago
The money thing. I have never given such an order.
Isn’t what you ordered important?
from the toilet. shadow!
Call and check, who stood in the seat picture and released the shadow three years ago?
We, the vice-committee, are asking for advice. It is the mother in the imperial edict,
Five million, leave my son immediately,
Don't come on this trip. If I say I can't,
What are you helping me with? That’s the person with the imperial decree.
It's not that simple, just get started,
Okay? Don't worry.
I tell you now
Go and divorce this woman immediately
Get it back for me